less.php
========

The **dynamic** stylesheet language.

<http://lesscss.org>

about
-----

This is a PHP port of the official LESS processor <http://lesscss.org> and should produce the same results as LESS 1.4.2.

Most of the code structure remains the same, which should allow for fairly easy updates in the future.
Namespaces, anonymous functions and shorthand ternary operators - `?:` have been removed to make this package compatible with php 5.2+.

There are still a few unsupported LESS features:

- Evaluation of JavaScript expressions within back-ticks (for obvious reasons).
- Definition of custom functions - will be added to the `\Less\Environment` class.



use
---

### Parsing Strings

```php
<?php
$parser = new \Less\Parser();
$parser->parse("@color: #4D926F; #header { color: @color; } h2 { color: @color; }");
$css = $parser->getCss();
```


### Parsing Less Files
The parseFile() function takes two arguments:
1) The absolute path of the .less file to be parsed
2) The url root where the generated css file will be serverd from like 'http://example.com/mysite/' or '/mysite/'


```php
<?php
$parser = new \Less\Parser();
$parser->parseFile('/var/www/site/yourfile.less','http://example.com/mysite/');
$css = $parser->getCss();
```


### Parsing Multiple Sources
php.less can parse multiple sources to generate a single css file

```php
<?php
$parser = new \Less\Parser();
$parser->parseFile('/var/www/site/yourfile.less','http://example.com/mysite/');
$parser->parse("@color: #4D926F; #header { color: @color; } h2 { color: @color; }");
$css = $parser->getCss();
```


### Getting Info About The Parsed Files
php.less can tell you which .less files were imported and parsed.
```php
<?php
$parser = new \Less\Parser();
$parser->parseFile('/var/www/site/yourfile.less');
$css = $parser->getCss();
$imported_files = $parser->allParsedFiles();
```


### Caching to Improve Performance
php.less will save serialized parser data for each .less file if a writable folder is passed to the SetCacheDir() method.
Note: This feature only caches intermediate parsing results to improve the performance of repeated css generation.
Any css generated by php.less should be cached by your application.

```php
<?php
$parser = new \Less\Parser();
$parser->SetCacheDir( '/var/www/writable_folder' );
$parser->parseFile('/var/www/site/yourfile.less');
$css = $parser->getCss();
```




license
-------

See `LICENSE` file.
